Chart: Update Pie Label Overlap demo description (#30717)
DevExpress/DevExtreme: apps/demos/Demos/Charts/PieResolveLabelOverlap/description.md

> DevExtreme PieChart can automatically resolve label overlapping issues when displaying a large number of points. To implement this functionality, specify the [resolveLabelOverlapping](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/#resolveLabelOverlapping) property.

Reviewer: This introduction sounds negative, as if our implementation was buggy. Let's add a positive angle :)

```suggestion
When a DevExtreme Pie Chart contains a lot of data points or they are crowded, point labels may overlap. Use the [resolveLabelOverlapping](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/#resolveLabelOverlapping) property to resolve overlapping labels.
```

<!--split-->

> PieChart supports two **resolveLabelOverlapping** modes: *"hide"* and *"shift"*. To test these modes in this demo, select an item in the SelectBox below the PieChart.

Reviewer: As far as I understand, this part of the description will appear below the demo. It could be inconvenient to scroll down to read about demo functionality.
Plus, in my opinion, mode names are self-explanatory and visual changes in demo will say everything for us. All in all we have two options:
1. We can remove this paragraph completely.
2. We can try to express the same idea in one sentence and move it to the first paragraph. For example, "In this demo, you can hide or shift overlapping labels".

Author: Yeah, everything after the <!--split--> tag appears below the demo container. I'll add your second suggestion point, I think it will give the description a nice conclusion
